you can see how crowded everything is
everything is really close together you
have 20 feet between spaces they told us
this was an on the water spot we cannot
see the water there's bushes back there
see those bushes those bushes and one
little spot there there's little docks
you can go to to see the water
see how crowded it is it's really
crowded here oh there's a spot you can
actually see the water and those little
docks right there or for anybody do you
so if you're parked in that space
everybody walks by yeah just there's a
clubhouse cute paint job on the
bathhouse okay there's the restrooms
they have cute little purple yellow and
peach colored doors okay let's go and
see what they look like okay there's the
bathroom there's the shower okay that's
not that's clean okay I'm sure they're
all this thing there's a pretty little
area around there that's cute
they have a little chicken coop with me
they have a little chicken coop that's
the coop here's the pin good morning
girls
good morning how are you how cute are
you I have girls at home too I do
I have little girls at home good morning
hello she just flew up here to say hello
Oh sweetie how are you you guys want
scraps don't you you want scraps look at
your little pen over there and they're
cute